In this demo,
I'll be running the first app behind a load balancer.
I'm again going to log in into my Vagrant box.
The same one I used to spin up my Alias Kubernetes
cluster with cups.
I have the Kubernetes course clones right here.
If you haven't downloaded the course material
from GitHub yet, have a look at the procedure document.
So here I have two files that I want to use.
The first one is our hello world, the bot,
and I added here the name.
So it's still running on port 3000
I just added a name, nodejs-port,
which I can then reuse in the service.
So our service is going to be of type: LoadBalancer,
which in our case,
is going to be an elastic load balancer on Alias.
It will be automatically created for us.
Port is going to be 80,
the standard HDP port,
and the target port is going to be the nodejst port.
Then Kubernetes knows that it needs to go
to this container.
The protocol is TCP.
The selector is going to refer to our apps.
We have app hello world is going to be the service
for the pod with the label app hello world.
I'm going to run this kubectl create minus F of the pod,
and then of the service.
So this takes some time.
While this is setting up, let's have look in
the Alias console.
So, I'm here on the main page and I go to EC2.
And we have now one load balancer running.
So this load balancer is internet facing.
It's running on port 80
and it's going to refer to our three instances.
Those three instances will route the traffic to our pod.
That's why you'll be at all three of them.
The ELB does know exactly where the pod is running,
so it just adds all three of them.
And every node will then redirect your traffic
to where the pod is
because the nodes know where the pod is.
So there's a health check on this port.
So this is a node port that is exposed on every node.
And that will be the port that is used by the ELB.
So the mapping is from port 80 on the ELB itself,
and it goes to the instance ports 32162 to the nodes itself.
And then on the node,
it will redirect the traffic to the correct pod.
This ELB has a DNS name.
So what we can actually do is if you go to route 53,
this is our whole hits records for the Kubernetes zone.
I can create a new record and I can say
helloworld.kubernetes.newtech academy.
And I can say there's an Alias for our load balancer,
so I can create this.
And then I can actually use this to directly go
to the load balancer and directly to my app.
If we go to helloworld.kubernetes.newtech academy,
you can see hello world.
So our route 53,
hellowworld.kubernetes.newtech academy,
goes to our load balancer.
Our load balancer redirects the traffic from port 80
to one of those three nodes on this instance port,
and then the traffic is redirected to our pod,
which then gives hello world.
If you would go to the security groups,
you would also see that we have a new security group
for our load balancer,
which is right here, our ELB.
And then if you go to the nodes or even the master,
you see that these one ends with 2A.
We have all traffic open between our Kubernetes nodes
and the load balancer.
So the load balancer can access our Kubernetes cluster.
So that's it for this demo.
Now we can actually create apps on Kubernetes
that you can expose to the internet using
the elastic load balancer off Amazon.